hello guys its inability here in today's
video I have my 1k ultimate revamp pack
and first of all I'd like to say thank
you for 1000 subscribers on my youtube
channel I really do you know appreciate
all the support and I'd like to keep
growing and keep going and hopefully
this pack shows how much I actually
appreciate the support because there's a
lot of work being put into this and this
is the biggest pack I've worked on today
and from what I know the biggest pack on
YouTube for free graphics so before I
give the video I'd like to say obviously
there will be a link in the description
below for the download and below that
download link there is going to be a two
links to videos explaining how to edit
these templates there's going to be one
link explaining how to edit some of the
normal Photoshop templates and then
there's going to be one other link to a
video explaining how to edit some of the
motion graphic templates so in this pack
there is motion graphics like animated
animated outro and 3d intro and a few
other little bits in there that are a
little bit different to render out and
save and things like that because you
need the transparent backgrounds and
it's a little bit more difficult and for
those of you who obviously don't need
that then just get straight into the
back and just edit it yourself and you
know start using it but if you do need
help like to have two links in
description below and you can use it so
let's get into the pack so as you can
see here actually it's quite a lot in
the pack you have your video overlay
with a webcam box this can be moved and
changed wherever you like you can change
the colors and all of that sort of stuff
will rule with this change over the text
all of the links absolutely everything
you can think of you can change in this
at the moment all of the examples show a
GTA image but there actually you can
have no image in the backgrounds to have
just a normal plain color or you can
have several other back background
images which I've included or you can go
online and get your own or from your own
gameplay so in this we have a youtube
banner at which banner a facebook header
a Twitter header two thumbnails one with
3d text and one with 2d text and both
slightly different designs 3d intro 2d
altro
with an animated or steel version
depending on what you want a matching
avatar an offline screen be right back
screen for in you're going to get to
your go to the toilet
two different types of stream buttons
and one 2d overlay which is animated and
this can be edited to several different
things you can have different logos in
here you can have your own logo you have
YouTube twitch Twitter anything like
that and anything in the text can be
changed so you can change that to
subscribe to my channel or thanks for
subscribing anything you possibly want
and obviously that's up to you what you
put in there they color can be changed
as well the same for everything else and
it's not displayed on this image but
there is another overlay here as well
which it just spins like this as your
name subscribe your name subscribe and
you can have that continuously spinning
at the top of your video and you can
change this and put your logo here or
put a letter the represent your name so
if you have your lips for example it
would be a Y and yeah so like I said in
the description below there'll be a more
in-depth tutorial but I'm going to go
into the YouTube background here and
show you that there is a change color
layer which is a hue and saturation
layer and all you have to click on here
and you can change to whatever country
you possibly like and that's all you
have to do for all of them to change the
color really and then there is a
designed by which you don't have to have
but I do appreciate everyone that has
this and it really does help me grow it
does show the support for you know me
making it for you guys for absolutely
free I've not asked for anything in
return and you don't have to use this of
course it's stuck to you and then there
is obviously some of the social media
all you have to do is open it and edit
it and your your you're on your way
that's what you have to do really
and then here like I was explaining
before there are different games if you
go to edit and then games and open up I
have included a few games so we've got
GTA here
it's now got battlefield and then we can
put call of duty csgo
literally whatever you possibly want
really and it's all up to you and like
us explaining with the buttons as well I
just go into the buttons here this is
one of the buttons and like I said there
is several different buttons in inside
each button as well so you have designer
about me
donations Twitter Facebook and so on and
then there is obviously a different
button as well which is this one and
it's slightly different the other one
enough would be quite nice to include
two different buttons and one button
that matches the overlay as well and
I've gotten video here which I made that
just shows a preview oh sorry wrong
video where is it this one and you that
what at least put it quite and which
shows the intro here which you can see
and then it shows the animated overlays
you've got the animated overlay here and
one at the top here and then they're
just the end of this video which I'll
just let it play through as you can see
it says your name subscribe and then at
the end of the video there is an animate
outro just to show you guys what it
looks like
and as you can see you've got your
videos playing in the background so
anyway guys I think I've covered
everything I need to do in this video
down in description below there is two
videos to explain if you need any more
help to explain how to edit these
templates and really do appreciate 1000
subscribers and I really want to grow
more and keep bringing you guys more
templates and I hope that this pack
shows how motivated I am to bring some
more stuff up for you guys sorry for the
slight delay getting it out I did have a
few little issues getting the video made
and I've just been super busy as well so
I'm not going to lie and yeah thank you
guys for watching and I hope you enjoy
this pack